add sl docs (#3392)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/metrics.md

---
title: "Metrics"
id: "metrics"
description: "When you define metrics in dbt projects, you encode crucial business logic in tested, version-controlled code. The dbt metrics layer helps you standardize metrics within your organization."
keywords:
  - dbt metrics layer
---

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.6">

:::info dbt Metrics isn't supported

dbt Metrics is no longer supported in v1.6 and higher. To build your semantic layer, define and query metrics, and provide data governance - refer to [Build your Semantic Layer](/docs/build/build-semantic-layer-intro) for updated guidance.

:::
</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.5">

:::info dbt Metrics not recommended

> dbt Metrics is currently transiting to MetricFlow and won't be supported in v1.6 and higher. [Defining metrics](/docs/build/build-semantic-layer-intro) with MetricFlow will help shape the future of the dbt Semantic Layer &mdash; let us know [your thoughts and join the convo](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/discussions/7456) to help build it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Metrics won't be supported in v1.6 and higher, and is being replaced with MetricFlow. [Defining metrics](/docs/build/build-semantic-layer-intro) with MetricFlow will help shape the future of the dbt Semantic Layer &mdash; let us know [your thoughts and join the convo](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/discussions/7456) to help build it!
```
